By default, the workflow results are written to a directory
named after the workflow name. If this directory already exists, 
then a new directory is created with an incremental number.

Results are written to files named after the output port for that result.
If a result is composed of lists, then a directory is created for the output
port and individual list items are named after the list element index (with 1
being the first index). The the output is the result of an error, the filename
is appended with '.error'.

You can provide your own output directory with the -outputdir option. There
will be an error if the directory already exists.

Inputs can be provided in three ways. Both -inputfile and -inputvalue options
can be used together; both take two additional arguments, the name of the port
for the input, and either a file containing the input data, or the input value
itself respectively.

If one of more of your workflow inputs is a list, you can create a list
input by using the -inputdelimiter option, which may be used with either
-inputfile or -inputvalue. This option takes two parameters - an input name
and the delimiter by which to split the input into a list.

The delimiter may be a simple character, such as a comma or a new-line
character, or a regular expression. The input string, or file, will then be
converted into a list being split by the delimiter specified. Make sure to 
put the delimiter character in quotes as it may be interpreted by the shell 
as a special character, e.g. ;.

-cmdir option lets you specify an absolute path to a directory where 
Credential Manager's files (keystore and truststore - containing user's 
credentials and trusted certificates for accessing secure services) are stored.
If not specified and the workflow requires access to these files, Taverna will 
try to find them in the default location in <TAVERNA_HOME>/security somewhere 
inside user's home directory.

-cmpassword option can be used to tell Taverna to expect the password for the 
Credential Manager on standard input. If the password is not piped in, Taverna 
will prompt you for it in the terminal and block until it is entered. Do not 
enter your password in the command line! If -cmpassword option is not specified 
and -cmdir option is used, Taverna will try to find the password in a special 
file password.txt in the directory specified with -cmdir option.
